Feat/improve samples (#141)
edgelesssys/marblerun: samples/helloc++/README.md

# How to create a C++ Marble
This example shows how to build a confidential C++ application and run it in Marblerun. This can serve you as a blueprint for making existing applications Marblerun-ready or creating new [Marbles](https://www.marblerun.sh/docs/getting-started/marbles/). If you haven't already, [setup Marblerun](../../BUILD.md#build) to get ready.

> You can run this example on any hardware, since the enclave is only simulated (with the `OE_SIMULATION=1` environment variable). This might help you to get started with with the development of confidential apps. However, please notice that this mode does not provide any safety. Detailed information on how to develope secure Marbles can be found in [Marbleruns documentation](https://www.marblerun.sh/docs/tasks/add-service/).

Reviewer: Okay, now I think this actually is a bit confusing if we keep this at default for some samples, but for others not. 

I still think that non-simulation should be default, but we should use the note to highlight that you can enable it. Not vice versa? Also, it's now kind of inconsistent between the samples.

But you decide.

# How to create a C++ Marble

> This sample shows how to build a confidential C++ application and run it in Marblerun. This can serve you as a blueprint for making existing applications Marblerun-ready or creating new creating new [Marbles](https://www.marblerun.sh/docs/getting-started/marbles/). If you haven't already, [setup Marblerun](../../BUILD.md#build) to get ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample shows how to build a confidential C++ application and run it in Marblerun. This can serve you as a blueprint for making existing applications Marblerun-ready or creating new [Marbles](https://www.marblerun.sh/docs/getting-started/marbles/). If you haven't already, [setup Marblerun](../../BUILD.md#build) to get ready.
```

make
```

Then get the enclave's unique ID aka `MRENCLAVE`

```sh
oesign dump -e enclave.signed | grep mrenclave
```

and set it as `UniqueID` in `manifest.json`.

Next, use the `erthost` command to start the Coordinator in a local simulated enclave:
```sh
OE_SIMULATION=1 erthost ../../../build/coordinator-enclave.signed
```

The Coordinator exposes two APIs, a client API to instruct the Coordinator (port 4433) and a mesh API to communicate with your Marble (port 2001).

> Once the Coordinator instance is running, you can upload the mainfest to the Coordinators client API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Coordinator instance is running, you can upload the mainfest to the Coordinator's client API:
```

```sh
curl -k --data-binary @manifest.json https://localhost:4433/manifest
```

> To run the application, you need to set some environment variables. The Marbles type is defined in the `manifest.json`. In this example, the manifest defines a single Marble, which is called "hello". The Marbles DNS name and the Coordinators address are used to establish a connection between the Coordinators mesh API and the Marble, and the UUID file stores a unique ID that enables a restart of the application.

Reviewer: Same change as above?

```sh
EDG_MARBLE_TYPE=hello \
EDG_MARBLE_COORDINATOR_ADDR=localhost:2001 \
EDG_MARBLE_UUID_FILE=$PWD/uuid \
EDG_MARBLE_DNS_NAMES=localhost \
erthost build/enclave.signed
```

> The app prints a "Hello world!" followd by the commandline arguments that are defined in the `manifest.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app prints a "Hello world!" followed by the command line arguments defined in `manifest.json`.
```
